readme.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img height="200" src="icon.png" alt="Drash logo">
  <h1 align="center">Basic MAK VR-Forces Backend Plugin</h1>
</p>
<p align="center">C++ project for a basic <a href="https://www.mak.com/products/simulate/vr-forces">MAK VR-Forces</a> backend plugin</p>
<p align="center">This serves as a good starting point for creating simple plugins
</p>

---

## Table of Contents
- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Essential software](#essential-software)
- [Development environment](#development-environment)
- [Folder structure](#folder-structure)
- [VS Build Configurations](#vs-build-configurations)
- [vcpkg packages](#vcpkg-packages)
- [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
- [Configuration file](#configuration-file)
- [Logging](#logging)

## Quick start
1) git clone
2) Setup development environment with `vcpkg`
3) Set environment variables (refer to `Environment Variables`)
4) Open solution
5) Build > Batch Build. Enable all configurations. Click "Build"
6) Plugin is now inside VRF's plugin folder. Plugin's XML is in VRF's appData\plugins folder

## Essential software
- Visual Studio 2019
  - Workloads
    - Desktop development with C++
  - Individual components
    - MSVC V141 - VS 2017 C++ x64/x86 build tools (v14.16)

Tested Configurations
| MAK VR-Forces | MAK VR-Link | MAK RTI |
|---|---|---|
| 4.7 | 5.4.1 | 4.5 |
| 4.8 | 5.5 | 4.5.1 |
  
## Development environment
- Visual Studio 2019
  - Configuration Properties (All Configurations)
    - Windows SDK Version: 10.0.18362.0
    - Platform Toolset: Visual Studio 2017 (v141)
- Install [vcpkg](https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg)
```
> git clone https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg
> .\vcpkg\bootstrap-vcpkg.bat
> .\vcpkg\vcpkg --feature-flags=versions install # Install versioning feature of vcpkg
> .\vcpkg\vcpkg integrate install # with elevated permissions
```
- Edit `vcpkg folder/triplets/x64-windows.cmake` to include 
  - `set(VCPKG_PLATFORM_TOOLSET "v141")`
  - `set(VCPKG_DEP_INFO_OVERRIDE_VARS "v141")`

- Add `your project folder\vcpkg_installed\x64-windows\bin` to your `PATH`

## Folder structure
```sh
├── [build] (intermediate and output directory)
├── [include]
├── [src]
├── .gitattributes
├── .gitignore
├── readme.md
├── solution.sln
├── plugin.xml
├── project.vcxproj
├── vcpkg.json
└── vcpkg_installed
```

## VS Build Configurations
- **ReleaseDIS, ReleaseHLA13, Release1516, Release1516e**
  - Equivalent to VRF's RelWithDebInfo
  - To build to VRF's Release's specifications:
    - `Configuration Properties > C/C++ > General > Debug Information Format: Program Database (/Zi)`
    - `Configuration Properties > C/C++ > General > Multi-processor Compilation: <blank>`    
    - `Configuration Properties > Linker > Debugging > Generate Debug Info: No`
  - To build to VRF's MinSizeRelease's specifications:
    - `Configuration Properties > C/C++ > General > Debug Information Format: <blank>`
    - `Configuration Properties > C/C++ > General > Multi-processor Compilation: <blank>`    
    - `Configuration Properties > C/C++ > Optimization > Optimization: Maximum Optimization (Favor Size) (/O1)`
    - `Configuration Properties > Linker > General > Enable Incremental Linking: No (/INCREMENTAL:NO)`
    - `Configuration Properties > Linker > Debugging > Generate Debug Info: No`
- **DebugDIS, DebugHLA13, DebugHLA1516, DebugHLA1516e**
  - Equivalent to VRF's Debug

## vcpkg packages
| Package  | Version  | Purpose  |
|---|---|---|
| spdlog | 1.8.5#2 | Logging |
| fmt | bundled with spdlog | String formatting |
| nlohmann-json | 3.9.1 | JSON SerDes |

## Environment Variables
Add all the below variables into system's environment variables (can also be added as user level environment variables)
- MAK_VRFDIR
  - VR-Forces install location (e.g C:/MAK/vrforces4.7)

- MAK_VRLDIR
  - VR-Link install location (e.g C:/MAK/vrlink5.4.1)

- MAK_RTIDIR
  - RTI install location (e.g C:/MAK/makRti4.5)

## Configuration file
Parameters for the application can be changed via an external configuration file located in the same folder as the DLL. Configuration file is in the form DLLNAME.json
| Field  | Data type  | Value(s)  | Usage  |
|---|---|---|---|
| IsEnable  | Boolean  | true or false  | Enable/disable plugin  |
| IsEnableDebugPrint  | Boolean  | true or false  | Enable/disable debug console print-out  |
| IsEnablePostTickLogic  | Boolean  | true or false  | Enable/disable code in PostTick  |

## Logging
This basic plugin includes `spdlog` and it's bundled `fmt`. Trace logs and above are written to `<VR Forces folder>\bin64\logs\mylog.txt` and warnings and above are written to console. Configure spdlog in `Config.cpp`

Commit message:

Update readme on the need for MSVC V142 for vcpkg

readme.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img height="200" src="icon.png" alt="Drash logo">
  <h1 align="center">Basic MAK VR-Forces Backend Plugin</h1>
</p>
<p align="center">C++ project for a basic <a href="https://www.mak.com/products/simulate/vr-forces">MAK VR-Forces</a> backend plugin</p>
<p align="center">This serves as a good starting point for creating simple plugins
</p>

---

## Table of Contents
- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
- [Essential software](#essential-software)
- [Development environment](#development-environment)
- [Folder structure](#folder-structure)
- [VS Build Configurations](#vs-build-configurations)
- [vcpkg packages](#vcpkg-packages)
- [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
- [Configuration file](#configuration-file)
- [Logging](#logging)

## Quick start
1) git clone
2) Setup development environment with `vcpkg`
3) Set environment variables (refer to `Environment Variables`)
4) Open solution
5) Build > Batch Build. Enable all configurations. Click "Build"
6) Plugin is now inside VRF's plugin folder. Plugin's XML is in VRF's appData\plugins folder

## Essential software
- Visual Studio 2019
  - Workloads
    - Desktop development with C++
  - Individual components
    - MSVC V141 - VS 2017 C++ x64/x86 build tools (v14.16)
    - MSVC V142 - VS 2019 C++ x64/x86 build tools (Latest). This is used by vcpkg

Tested Configurations
| MAK VR-Forces | MAK VR-Link | MAK RTI |
|---|---|---|
| 4.7 | 5.4.1 | 4.5 |
| 4.8 | 5.5 | 4.5.1 |
  
## Development environment
- Visual Studio 2019
  - Configuration Properties (All Configurations)
    - Windows SDK Version: 10.0.18362.0
    - Platform Toolset: Visual Studio 2017 (v141)
- Install [vcpkg](https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg)
```
> git clone https://github.com/microsoft/vcpkg
> .\vcpkg\bootstrap-vcpkg.bat
> .\vcpkg\vcpkg --feature-flags=versions install # Install versioning feature of vcpkg
> .\vcpkg\vcpkg integrate install # with elevated permissions
```
- Edit `vcpkg folder/triplets/x64-windows.cmake` to include 
  - `set(VCPKG_PLATFORM_TOOLSET "v141")`
  - `set(VCPKG_DEP_INFO_OVERRIDE_VARS "v141")`

- Add `your project folder\vcpkg_installed\x64-windows\bin` to your `PATH`

## Folder structure
```sh
├── [build] (intermediate and output directory)
├── [include]
├── [src]
├── .gitattributes
├── .gitignore
├── readme.md
├── solution.sln
├── plugin.xml
├── project.vcxproj
├── vcpkg.json
└── vcpkg_installed
```

## VS Build Configurations
- **ReleaseDIS, ReleaseHLA13, Release1516, Release1516e**
  - Equivalent to VRF's RelWithDebInfo
  - To build to VRF's Release's specifications:
    - `Configuration Properties > C/C++ > General > Debug Information Format: Program Database (/Zi)`
    - `Configuration Properties > C/C++ > General > Multi-processor Compilation: <blank>`    
    - `Configuration Properties > Linker > Debugging > Generate Debug Info: No`
  - To build to VRF's MinSizeRelease's specifications:
    - `Configuration Properties > C/C++ > General > Debug Information Format: <blank>`
    - `Configuration Properties > C/C++ > General > Multi-processor Compilation: <blank>`    
    - `Configuration Properties > C/C++ > Optimization > Optimization: Maximum Optimization (Favor Size) (/O1)`
    - `Configuration Properties > Linker > General > Enable Incremental Linking: No (/INCREMENTAL:NO)`
    - `Configuration Properties > Linker > Debugging > Generate Debug Info: No`
- **DebugDIS, DebugHLA13, DebugHLA1516, DebugHLA1516e**
  - Equivalent to VRF's Debug

## vcpkg packages
| Package  | Version  | Purpose  |
|---|---|---|
| spdlog | 1.8.5#2 | Logging |
| fmt | bundled with spdlog | String formatting |
| nlohmann-json | 3.9.1 | JSON SerDes |

## Environment Variables
Add all the below variables into system's environment variables (can also be added as user level environment variables)
- MAK_VRFDIR
  - VR-Forces install location (e.g C:/MAK/vrforces4.7)

- MAK_VRLDIR
  - VR-Link install location (e.g C:/MAK/vrlink5.4.1)

- MAK_RTIDIR
  - RTI install location (e.g C:/MAK/makRti4.5)

## Configuration file
Parameters for the application can be changed via an external configuration file located in the same folder as the DLL. Configuration file is in the form DLLNAME.json
| Field  | Data type  | Value(s)  | Usage  |
|---|---|---|---|
| IsEnable  | Boolean  | true or false  | Enable/disable plugin  |
| IsEnableDebugPrint  | Boolean  | true or false  | Enable/disable debug console print-out  |
| IsEnablePostTickLogic  | Boolean  | true or false  | Enable/disable code in PostTick  |

## Logging
This basic plugin includes `spdlog` and it's bundled `fmt`. Trace logs and above are written to `<VR Forces folder>\bin64\logs\mylog.txt` and warnings and above are written to console. Configure spdlog in `Config.cpp`
